chore: enable migration schema 1.1 guide in sidebar (#306)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/migrating/overview.mdx

---
id: overview
title: 'Migrating'
slug: /modeling/migrating
sidebar_position: 0
---

import { DocumentationNotice, IntroCard, CardGrid } from '@components/Docs';

<DocumentationNotice />

This section has guides that on migrating models and relations.

<IntroCard
  title="When to use"
  description="The content in this section is useful:"
  listItems={[

>     `If you want to upgrade existing {ProductName} models and relations to new version.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `If you want to introduce changes to your existing authorization model or upgrade it to the new schema version.`,
```
